# Readings: Automation
## ***Python Regular Expressions Tutorial***
 Regular Expressions, often shortened as regex, are a sequence of characters used to check whether a pattern exists in a given text (string) or not. If you've ever used search engines, search and replace tools of word processors and text editors - you've already seen regular expressions in use. They are used at the server side to validate the format of email addresses or passwords during registration, used for parsing text data files to find, replace, or delete certain string, etc. They help in manipulating textual data, which is often a prerequisite for data science projects involving text mining. 

## ***shutil***
 The shutil module includes high-level file operations such as copying and archiving.
 copyfile() copies the contents of the source to the destination and raises IOError if it does not have permission to write to the destination file. Because the function opens the input file for reading, regardless of its type, special files (such as Unix device nodes) cannot be copied as new special files with copyfile(). The implementation of copyfile() uses the lower-level function copyfileobj(). While the arguments to copyfile() are filenames, the arguments to copyfileobj() are open file handles. The optional third argument is a buffer length to use for reading in blocks.
 By default when a new file is created under Unix, it receives permissions based on the umask of the current user. To copy the permissions from one file to another, use copymode().
 shutil includes three functions for working with directory trees. To copy a directory from one place to another, use copytree(). It recurses through the source directory tree, copying files to the destination. The destination directory must not exist in advance.The which() function scans a search path looking for a named file. The typical use case is to find an executable program on the shell’s search path defined in the environment variable PATH.If no file matching the search parameters can be found, which() returns None.which() takes arguments to filter based on the permissions the file has, and the search path to examine. The path argument defaults to os.environ('PATH'), but can be any string containing directory names separated by os.pathsep. The mode argument should be a bitmask matching the permissions of the file. By default the mask looks for executable files, but the following example uses a readable bitmask and an alternate search path to find a configuration file.Python’s standard library includes many modules for managing archive files such as tarfile and zipfile. There are also several higher-level functions for creating and extracting archives in shutil. get_archive_formats() returns a sequence of names and descriptions for formats supported on the current system.The formats supported depend on which modules and underlying libraries are available, so the output for this example may change based on where it is run.Use make_archive() to create a new archive file. Its inputs are designed to best support archiving an entire directory and all of its contents, recursively. By default it uses the current working directory, so that all of the files and subdirectories appear at the top level of the archive. To change that behavior, use the root_dir argument to move to a new relative position on the filesystem and the base_dir argument to specify a directory to add to the archive.It can be useful to examine the local file system to see how much space is available before performing a long running operation that may exhaust that space. disk_usage() returns a tuple with the total space, the amount currently being used, and the amount remaining free.

## ***Automation Ideas*** 
## ***Automating Your Browser and Desktop Apps*** 

## ***Watchdog*** 
 Directory monitoring made easy with
 1. A cross-platform API.
 2. A shell tool to run commands in response to directory changes.
