# Readings: Django Models
## ***Using Models*** 
 Django web applications access and manage data through Python objects referred to as models. Models define the structure of stored data, including the field types and possibly also their maximum size, default values, selection list options, help text for documentation, label text for forms, etc. The definition of the model is independent of the underlying database — you can choose one of several as part of your project settings. Once you've chosen what database you want to use, you don't need to talk to it directly at all — you just write your model structure and other code, and Django handles all the dirty work of communicating with the database for you.Minimally, in every model you should define the standard Python class method __str__() to return a human-readable string for each object. This string is used to represent individual records in the administration site (and anywhere else you need to refer to a model instance). Often this will return a title or name field from the model.
 Once you've defined your model classes you can use them to create, update, or delete records, and to run queries to get all records or particular subsets of records. We'll show you how to do that in the tutorial when we define our views

## ***Django Admin***
 The Django admin application can use your models to automatically build a site area that you can use to create, view, update, and delete records. This can save you a lot of time during development, making it very easy to test your models and get a feel for whether you have the right data. The admin application can also be useful for managing data in production, depending on the type of website. The Django project recommends it only for internal data management (i.e. just for use by admins, or people internal to your organization), as the model-centric approach is not necessarily the best possible interface for all users, and exposes a lot of unnecessary detail about the models.

## ***Beginner’s Guide to Django - Part 1*** 
 Django is a Web framework written in Python. A Web framework is a software that supports the development of dynamic Web sites, applications, and services. It provides a set of tools and functionalities that solves many common problems associated with Web development, such as security features, database access, sessions, template processing, URL routing, internationalization, localization, and much more.

Using a Web framework, such as Django, enables us to develop secure and reliable Web applications very quickly in a standardized way, without having to reinvent the wheel.

Django is one of the most popular Web frameworks written in Python. It’s definitely the most complete, offering a wide range of features out-of-the-box, such as a standalone Web server for development and testing, caching, middleware system, ORM, template engine, form processing, interface with Python’s unit testing tools. Django also comes with battery included, offering built-in applications such as an authentication system, an administrative interface with automatically generated pages for CRUD operations, generation of syndication feeds (RSS/Atom), sitemaps. There’s even a Geographic Information System (GIS) framework built within Django.

## ***Beginner’s Guide to Django - Part 2*** 
