# Readings: Data Analysis
## ***What is Jupyter Lab***
 JupyterLab enables you to work with documents and activities such as Jupyter notebooks, text editors, terminals, and custom components in a flexible, integrated, and extensible manner.
 You can arrange multiple documents and activities side by side in the work area using tabs and splitters. Documents and activities integrate with each other, enabling new workflows for interactive computing.
 JupyterLab also offers a unified model for viewing and handling data formats. JupyterLab understands many file formats (images, CSV, JSON, Markdown, PDF, Vega, Vega-Lite, etc.) and can also display rich kernel output in these formats.
 
## ***Numpy Tutorial***
 NumPy is a commonly used Python data analysis package. By using NumPy, you can speed up your workflow, and interface with other packages in the Python ecosystem, like scikit-learn, that use NumPy under the hood. NumPy was originally developed in the mid 2000s, and arose from an even older package called Numeric. This longevity means that almost every data analysis or machine learning package for Python leverages NumPy in some way.
 With NumPy, we work with multidimensional arrays. We’ll dive into all of the possible types of multidimensional arrays later on, but for now, we’ll focus on 2-dimensional arrays. A 2-dimensional array is also known as a matrix, and is something you should be familiar with. In fact, it’s just a different way of thinking about a list of lists. A matrix has rows and columns. By specifying a row number and a column number, we’re able to extract an element from a matrix.
 We can create a NumPy array using the numpy.array function. If we pass in a list of lists, it will automatically create a NumPy array with the same number of rows and columns. Because we want all of the elements in the array to be float elements for easy computation, we’ll leave off the header row, which contains strings. One of the limitations of NumPy is that all the elements in an array have to be of the same type, so if we include the header row, all the elements in the array will be read in as strings. Because we want to be able to do computations 
 It’s possible to use NumPy to directly read csv or other files into arrays. We can do this using the numpy.genfromtxt function. We can use it to read in our initial data on red wines.
 We can use array indexing to select individual elements, groups of elements, or entire rows and columns. One important thing to keep in mind is that just like Python lists, NumPy is zero-indexed, meaning that the index of the first row is 0, and the index of the first column is 0. If we want to work with the fourth row, we’d use index 3, if we want to work with the second row, we’d use index 1, and so on.
 If we instead want to select the first three items from the fourth column, we can do it using a colon (:). A colon indicates that we want to select all the elements from the starting index up to but not including the ending index.  
 We can also use indexing to assign values to certain elements in arrays. We can do this by assigning directly to the indexed value
 Most NumPy functions that we’ve worked with, such as numpy.random.rand, can be used with multidimensional arrays.

## ***Numpy Arrays*** 
 NumPy, which stands for Numerical Python, is a library consisting of multidimensional array objects and a collection of routines for processing those arrays. Using NumPy, mathematical and logical operations on arrays can be performed. 